[All Hosts] (runtimes) mostly links to new runtimes article (#3600)
OfficeDev/office-js-docs-pr: docs/develop/itp-and-third-party-cookies.md

# Develop your Office Add-in to work with ITP when using third-party cookies

> If your Office Add-in requires third-party cookies, those cookies are blocked if Intelligent Tracking Prevention (ITP) is used by the [Runtime](../testing/runtimes.md) that loaded your add-in. You may be using third-party cookies to authenticate users, or for other scenarios, such as storing settings.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If your Office Add-in requires third-party cookies, those cookies are blocked if the [Runtime](../testing/runtimes.md) that loaded your add-in uses Intelligent Tracking Prevention (ITP). You may be using third-party cookies to authenticate users, or for other scenarios, such as storing settings.
```
